According to that great sage, Yogi Berra, he
Predictions are very difficult, especially when they're about the future.
um predictions are very dangerous thing and politics there was a very famous interview a very liberal manhattan socialite who said i can't believe richard nixon got elected.
Not elected. No one I know voted for him. Thank you.
and that inability to predict the future is transferred into the spiritual life as well. There's a long history of cults, especially in the United States, with a great
The great leader decides the world's going to come to an end on this particular rainy Wednesday afternoon, and they gather to the hill to
Greet the end and
And nothing happens.
And of course, that inclination to know the future and predict the future,
We're not immune to that in Catholic life as well. Now, I thought that I was favored with the gift of prophecy when I made the obvious call,
That Ratzinger would succeed John Paul II, he would take the name Benedict,
That wasn't just slow pitch. that was that was t-ball.
Some years later, I very confidently explained whether it could never be a Jesuit pope,
and then i went into hear confessions when i came out my phone was on fire we had a jesuit pope.
and.
His name was Francis, and I said, well, isn't it a wonderful thing that he took the name Francis Xavier, the great Jesuit missionary?
So I, I tend to remain quiet about these things, and frequently I'm asked interviews, well, who do you think is going to be the next Pope, and who should be the Pope? And I said, well, I don't want to make preaching.
make predictions except to say quite confidently, can't possibly be an American. And then they pressed me for a name.
And I thought I was enormously clever, dare I say it, Jesuitical, and I said, I will gladly accept.
Any man who's willing to take the name Leo the Fourteenth with my fingers crossed behind my back because we knew that would never happen.
And yet
Here we are.
and as you can imagine my work in media my phone has been on fire my computer has been on fire and everyone has something to say because everyone believes and the.
And the twenty four hour news cycle, you have to say something all the time.
And so there's every sort of plot and X-Files conspiracy theory that you can imagine. They're trying to figure out who we really, really need.
really, really, really is the
he hasn't published very much so oh my goodness we're gonna go through his social media account and look at that thing he said in 2012 aha
On and on and on it goes.
And my suggestion to the world is,
Could we please just stop?
Could we not?
Not do that.
How about this?
A baptized man,
A brother in Christ,
Quite publicly has had an unimaginably heavy cross.
placed
On his shoulders.
Shouldn't we pray for him?
Shouldn't we?
Shouldn't we intercede?
For him,
And shouldn't we treat this process,
As if perhaps there's
Something supernatural about it, something divine, something providential, something mysterious that human explanation.
Alone is not sufficient for.
What if...
What if we did that
What if injustice and charity and fraternity?
We interceded.
For him, and what if we prayed not as orphans,
Or as competitors
But what if we prayed as brothers and sisters in Christ,
And c,
What God's grace
Can do.
And a man,
Who is now burdened.
With office
I think that would be a very good thing to do.
I think it would be a very charitable thing to do. I'm certain it is a necessary thing to do.
so.
Let's do that
And see what God reveals to us,
Over time,
And the life of Pope Leo.
The fourteenth.
So in tradition,
We pray.
May the Lord preserve him.
Give him life,
And make him blessed on earth.
And deliver him not,
To the will of his enemies.
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.